---
title: Disputes Entity
description: Know about Disputes entity parameters and their description
---

# Disputes Entity

## Disputes Entity

The Disputes entity has the following parameters:

### Response

```json: Entity
{
  "id":"disp_AHfqOvkldwsbqt",
  "entity":"dispute",
  "payment_id":"pay_EsyWjHrfzb59eR",
  "amount":10000,
  "currency":"INR",
  "amount_deducted":0,
  "reason_code":"chargeback",
  "respond_by":1590604200,
  "status":"open",
  "phase":"chargeback",
  "created_at":1590059211,
  "evidence":{
    "amount":9000,
    "summary":"goods delivered",
    "shipping_proof":[
      "doc_EFtmUsbwpXwBH9",
      "doc_EFtmUsbwpXwBH8"
    ],
    "billing_proof":[
      "doc_EFtmUsbwpXwBG9",
      "doc_EFtmUsbwpXwBG8"
    ],
    "cancellation_proof":null,
    "customer_communication":null,
    "proof_of_service":null,
    "explanation_letter":null,
    "refund_confirmation":null,
    "access_activity_log":null,
    "refund_cancellation_policy":null,
    "term_and_conditions":null,
    "others":[
      {
        "type":"receipt_signed_by_customer",
        "document_ids":[
          "doc_EFtmUsbwpXwBH1",
          "doc_EFtmUsbwpXwBH7"
        ]
      }
    ],
    "submitted_at":null
  }
}
```

### Parameters

`id`
: `string` The unique identifier of the dispute generated by Razorpay. For example, `disp_AHfqOvkldwsbqt`.

`entity`
: `string` Indicates the type of entity. In this case, it is `dispute`.

`payment_id`
: `string` The unique identifier of the payment against which the dispute was created. For example, `pay_EsyWjHrfzb59eR`.

`amount`
: `integer` Amount, in currency subunits, for which the dispute was created.

`currency`
: `string` 3-letter ISO currency code associated with the amount. 

`amount_deducted`
: `integer` The amount, in currency subunits, deducted from your Razorpay current balance when the dispute is `lost`. This amount will be `0` unless the status of dispute is updated to `lost`. Know about the different [ states of disputes](@/Applications/MAMP/htdocs/new-docs/llm-content/payments/disputes/#dispute-states.md).

`reason_code`
: `string` Code associated with the reason for the dispute.

`reason_description`
: `string` A brief description of the reason for dispute.

`respond_by`
: `integer` Unix timestamp by which a response should be sent to the customer.

`status`
: `string` The status of the dispute. Possible statuses are:
    - `open`: Indicates that the dispute has been created.
    - `under_review`: Indicates that the issuing bank is reviewing the dispute.
    - `won`: Indicates that the bank has accepted the remedial documents, and you have won the chargeback.
    - `lost`: Indicates that the bank did not accept the remedial documents, and you have lost the chargeback.
    - `closed`: Indicates that the fraudulent transaction was closed after you provided either the transaction details or made a refund to the customer.

`phase`
: `string` Phase associated with the dispute. Possible phases are:
  - `fraud`: A dispute raised by the bank when it suspects a transaction to be fraudulent based on the risk analysis.
   - `retrieval`: A request initiated by the customer with their issuer bank for additional information about a transaction.  
  - `chargeback`: A refund claim initiated by the customers with their issuer banks. In such cases, the bank starts an official inquiry.
  - `pre_arbitration`: A chargeback that you have won is challenged by the customer for the second time.
  - `arbitration`: A chargeback that you have won is challenged for a third time by the customer and the card networks directly getting involved. 

`created_at`
: `integer` Unix timestamp when the dispute was created.

`evidence`
: `object` Provides details of the evidence submitted/saved for contesting a dispute. Use the [Documents API](@/Applications/MAMP/htdocs/new-docs/llm-content/api/documents.md) to securely share documents with Razorpay.

  `amount`
  : `integer` The contested amount in currency subunits, for which evidence is provided. The value can vary from `0` to the dispute amount. The default value is the dispute amount. 
  
  `summary`
  : `string` The explanation provided by you for contesting the dispute. It can have a maximum length of 1000 characters.

  `shipping_proof`
  : `list` List of document ids which serves as proof that the product was shipped to the customer at their provided address. It should show their complete shipping address, if possible.

  `billing_proof`
  : `list` List of document ids which serves as proof of order confirmation, such as a receipt.

  `cancellation_proof`
  : `list` List of document ids that serves as proof that this product/service was cancelled.

  `customer_communication`
  : `list` List of document ids listing any written/email communication from the customer confirming that the customer received the product/service or is satisfied with the product/service.

  `proof_of_service`
  : `list` List of document ids showing proof of service provided to the customer. 
  
  `explanation_letter`
  : `list` (List of document ids) Any letter(s) from you specifying information pertinent to the dispute/payment that needs to be considered for processing the dispute.
  
  `refund_confirmation`
  : `list` List of document ids showing proof that the refund had been provided to the customer. 

  `access_activity_log`
  : `list` List of document ids of any server or activity logs which prove that the customer accessed or downloaded the purchased digital product.

  `refund_cancellation_policy`
  : `list` List of document ids listing your refund and/or cancellation policy, as shown to the customer.

  `term_and_conditions`
  : `list` List of document ids listing your sales terms and conditions, as shown to the customer.

  `others`
  : `list` Specifies the evidence documents to be uploaded as a part of contesting a dispute. It is a list of tuples consisting of the following:

    `type` 
    : `string` Describes the custom type of evidence document(s) provided.

    `document_ids` 
    : `list` List of document ids corresponding to the customer evidence type.

    ```json: Example
    [
      {
        "type": "receipt_signed_by_customer",
        "document_ids": [
          "doc_EFtmUsbwpXwBH7",
          "doc_EFtmUsbwpXwBH6"
        ]
      }  
    ]
    ```

  `submitted_at`
  : `integer` Unix timestamp when the dispute was last submitted by you (for review) to Razorpay. The default value is `null`.
