---
title: Fetch All Disputes
description: Fetch all Disputes using Razorpay Disputes API.
---

# Fetch All Disputes

## Fetch All Disputes

Use this endpoint to retrieve all the disputes raised by your customers.

### Request

```curl: Curl
curl -u [YOUR_KEY_ID]:[YOUR_KEY_SECRET]
-X GET https://api.razorpay.com/v1/disputes \
-H "Content-Type: application/json"

```java: Java

RazorpayClient razorpay = new RazorpayClient("[YOUR_KEY_ID]", "[YOUR_KEY_SECRET]");

Dispute dispute = instance.dispute.fetchAll();

```python: Python

import razorpay
client = razorpay.Client(auth=("YOUR_ID", "YOUR_SECRET"))

client.dispute.all()

```php: PHP

$api = new Api($key_id, $secret);

$api->dispute->all();

```csharp: .NET

RazorpayClient client = new RazorpayClient(your_key_id, your_secret);

List disputes = client.Dispute.All();

```ruby: Ruby

require "razorpay"
Razorpay.setup('YOUR_KEY_ID', 'YOUR_SECRET')

Razorpay::Dispute.all()

```javascript: Node.js

var instance = new Razorpay({ key_id: 'YOUR_KEY_ID', key_secret: 'YOUR_SECRET' })

var options = {
    count: 1
}

instance.disputes.all(options)

```go: Go

import ( razorpay "github.com/razorpay/razorpay-go" )
client := razorpay.NewClient("YOUR_KEY_ID", "YOUR_SECRET")

body, err := client.Dispute.All(nil, nil)
```

### Response

```json: Success
{
  "entity": "collection",
  "count": 2,
  "items": [
    {
      "id": "disp_Esz7KAitoYM7PJ",
      "entity": "dispute",
      "payment_id": "pay_EsyWjHrfzb59eR",
      "amount": 10000,
      "currency": "INR",
      "amount_deducted": 0,
      "reason_code": "pre_arbitration",
      "respond_by": 1590604200,
      "status": "open",
      "phase": "pre_arbitration",
      "created_at": 1590059211,
      "evidence": {
        "amount": 10000,
        "summary": null,
        "shipping_proof": null,
        "billing_proof": null,
        "cancellation_proof": null,
        "customer_communication": null,
        "proof_of_service": null,
        "explanation_letter": null,
        "refund_confirmation": null,
        "access_activity_log": null,
        "refund_cancellation_policy": null,
        "term_and_conditions": null,
        "others": null,
        "submitted_at": null
      }
    },
    {
      "id": "disp_Esyvk3kZj0isXk",
      "entity": "dispute",
      "payment_id": "pay_EsyWjHrfzb59eR",
      "amount": 5000,
      "currency": "INR",
      "amount_deducted": 0,
      "reason_code": "warning_bulletin_or_exception_file",
      "respond_by": 1590604200,
      "status": "won",
      "phase": "chargeback",
      "created_at": 1590058554,
      "evidence": {
        "amount": 5000,
        "summary": null,
        "shipping_proof": [
          "doc_EFtmUsbwpXwBH9",
          "doc_EFtmUsbwpXwBH8"
        ],
        "billing_proof": null,
        "cancellation_proof": null,
        "customer_communication": null,
        "proof_of_service": null,
        "explanation_letter": null,
        "refund_confirmation": null,
        "access_activity_log": null,
        "refund_cancellation_policy": null,
        "term_and_conditions": null,
        "others": null,
        "submitted_at": 1590604100
      }
    }
  ]
}
```json: Failure
{
  "status_code":400,
  "success":false,
  "errors":[
    "Value of each expand must be one of following types: payment, transaction.settlement",
    "Status Code: 400"
  ]
}
```

### Parameters

`id`
: `string` The unique identifier of the dispute generated by Razorpay. For example, `disp_AHfqOvkldwsbqt`.

`entity`
: `string` Indicates the type of entity. In this case, it is `dispute`.

`payment_id`
: `string` The unique identifier of the payment against which the dispute was created. For example, `pay_EsyWjHrfzb59eR`.

`amount`
: `integer` Amount, in currency subunits, for which the dispute was created.

`currency`
: `string` 3-letter ISO currency code associated with the amount. 

`amount_deducted`
: `integer` The amount, in currency subunits, deducted from your Razorpay current balance when the dispute is `lost`. This amount will be `0` unless the status of dispute is updated to `lost`. Know about the different [ states of disputes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/razorpay/razorpay-php-testapp/markdown-docs/llm-content/payments/disputes.md#dispute-states).

`reason_code`
: `string` Code associated with the reason for the dispute.

`reason_description`
: `string` A brief description of the reason for dispute.

`respond_by`
: `integer` Unix timestamp by which a response should be sent to the customer.

`status`
: `string` The status of the dispute. Possible statuses are:
    - `open`: Indicates that the dispute has been created.
    - `under_review`: Indicates that the issuing bank is reviewing the dispute.
    - `won`: Indicates that the bank has accepted the remedial documents, and you have won the chargeback.
    - `lost`: Indicates that the bank did not accept the remedial documents, and you have lost the chargeback.
    - `closed`: Indicates that the fraudulent transaction was closed after you provided either the transaction details or made a refund to the customer.

`phase`
: `string` Phase associated with the dispute. Possible phases are:
  - `fraud`: A dispute raised by the bank when it suspects a transaction to be fraudulent based on the risk analysis.
   - `retrieval`: A request initiated by the customer with their issuer bank for additional information about a transaction.  
  - `chargeback`: A refund claim initiated by the customers with their issuer banks. In such cases, the bank starts an official inquiry.
  - `pre_arbitration`: A chargeback that you have won is challenged by the customer for the second time.
  - `arbitration`: A chargeback that you have won is challenged for a third time by the customer and the card networks directly getting involved. 

`created_at`
: `integer` Unix timestamp when the dispute was created.

`evidence`
: `object` Provides details of the evidence submitted/saved for contesting a dispute. Use the [Documents API](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/razorpay/razorpay-php-testapp/markdown-docs/llm-content/api/documents.md) to securely share documents with Razorpay.

  `amount`
  : `integer` The contested amount in currency subunits, for which evidence is provided. The value can vary from `0` to the dispute amount. The default value is the dispute amount. 
  
  `summary`
  : `string` The explanation provided by you for contesting the dispute. It can have a maximum length of 1000 characters.

  `shipping_proof`
  : `list` List of document ids which serves as proof that the product was shipped to the customer at their provided address. It should show their complete shipping address, if possible.

  `billing_proof`
  : `list` List of document ids which serves as proof of order confirmation, such as a receipt.

  `cancellation_proof`
  : `list` List of document ids that serves as proof that this product/service was cancelled.

  `customer_communication`
  : `list` List of document ids listing any written/email communication from the customer confirming that the customer received the product/service or is satisfied with the product/service.

  `proof_of_service`
  : `list` List of document ids showing proof of service provided to the customer. 
  
  `explanation_letter`
  : `list` (List of document ids) Any letter(s) from you specifying information pertinent to the dispute/payment that needs to be considered for processing the dispute.
  
  `refund_confirmation`
  : `list` List of document ids showing proof that the refund had been provided to the customer. 

  `access_activity_log`
  : `list` List of document ids of any server or activity logs which prove that the customer accessed or downloaded the purchased digital product.

  `refund_cancellation_policy`
  : `list` List of document ids listing your refund and/or cancellation policy, as shown to the customer.

  `term_and_conditions`
  : `list` List of document ids listing your sales terms and conditions, as shown to the customer.

  `others`
  : `list` Specifies the evidence documents to be uploaded as a part of contesting a dispute. It is a list of tuples consisting of the following:

    `type` 
    : `string` Describes the custom type of evidence document(s) provided.

    `document_ids` 
    : `list` List of document ids corresponding to the customer evidence type.

    ```json: Example
    [
      {
        "type": "receipt_signed_by_customer",
        "document_ids": [
          "doc_EFtmUsbwpXwBH7",
          "doc_EFtmUsbwpXwBH6"
        ]
      }  
    ]
    ```

  `submitted_at`
  : `integer` Unix timestamp when the dispute was last submitted by you (for review) to Razorpay. The default value is `null`.

### Errors

The api key provided is invalid
* code: 401
* description: This error occurs when there is a mismatch between the API credentials passed in the API call and the API credentials generated on the Dashboard.
* solution: Make sure the API Keys are active and entered correctly. Also, there should not be any whitespaces before or after the keys.

Value of each expand must be one of following types: payment, transaction.settlement
* code: 400
* description: The value of the `expand` query parameter is neither `payments` nor `transaction.settlement`.
* solution: Pass the `expand` query parameter value as either `payments` or `transaction.settlement`.
