---
title: Fetch All Stakeholder | Sub-Merchant Onboarding APIs
heading: Fetch All Stakeholders
description: Fetch all Stakeholders using Razorpay Partners APIs.
---

# Fetch All Stakeholders

## Fetch All Stakeholders

Use this endpoint to retrieve the details of all stakeholders for a given account. Know about the [various error responses](@/Applications/MAMP/htdocs/new-docs/llm-content/api/partners/errors.md) for this API.

### Request

```cURL: Curl
curl -X GET https://api.razorpay.com/v2/accounts/acc_GLGeLkU2JUeyDZ/stakeholders   \
-u  \

```java: Java
RazorpayClient razorpay = new RazorpayClient("[ACCESS_TOKEN]");

String accountId = "acc_GP4lfNA0iIMn5B";

List stakeholder = instance.stakeholder.fetchAll(accountId);

```php: PHP
$api = new Api(null, null, "");

$accountId = "acc_GP4lfNA0iIMn5B";

$stakeholders = $api->account->fetch($accountId)->stakeholders();

$stakeholders->all();

```javascript: Node.js

const instance = new Razorpay({
  oauthToken: ""
);

const accountId = "acc_GP4lfNA0iIMn5B";

instance.stakeholders.all(accountId);

```ruby: Ruby
require "razorpay"
Razorpay.setup('ACCESS_TOKEN')
accountId = "acc_GP4lfNA0iIMn5B";

Razorpay::Stakeholder.all(accountId);

```csharp: .NET
RazorpayClient client = new RazorpayClient("[ACCESS_TOKEN]");

string accountId = "acc_ua2tBezhcEBvap";

List stakeholder = client.Stakeholder.All(accountId);
```

### Response

```json: Success
{
  "entity": "collection",
  "items": [
    {
      "id": "GZ13yPHLJof9IE",
      "entity": "stakeholder",
      "relationship": {
        "director": true
      },
      "phone": {
        "primary": "9000090000",
        "secondary": "9000090000"
      },
      "notes": {
        "random_key_by_partner": "random_value"
      },
      "kyc": {
        "pan": "AVOPB1111K"
      },
      "name": "Gaurav Kumar",
      "email": "gaurav.kumar@acme.org",
      "percentage_ownership": 10,
      "addresses": {
        "residential": {
          "street": "506, Koramangala 1st block",
          "city": "Bengaluru",
          "state": "Karnataka",
          "postal_code": "560034",
          "country": "in"
        }
      }
    }
  ],
  "count": 1
}
```

### Parameters

`account_id` _mandatory_
: `string` The unique identifier of a sub-merchant account generated by Razorpay. For example, `acc_GLGeLkU2JUeyDZ`.

### Parameters

`id`
: `string` The unique identifier of a stakeholder generated by Razorpay, used to fetch or update a stakeholder. For example, `sth_GLGgm8fFCKc92m`. Maximum length supported is 18 characters. 

`percentage_ownership`
: `float` The stakeholder's ownership of the business in percentage. Only two decimal places are allowed. For example, `87.55`. The maximum length is 100 characters.

`name`
: `string` The stakeholder's name as per the PAN card. The maximum length is 255 characters.

`email`
: `string` The stakeholder's email address. The maximum length is:
  - local part (before @): 64 characters. 
  - domain part (after @): 68 characters. 
 The total character length supported is 132.

`relationship`
: `object` The stakeholder's relationship with the account's business.
    `director`
    : `boolean` Determines if stakeholder is a director of the account's legal entity.  
        - `true`: Stakeholder is a director.
        - `false` (default): Stakeholder is not a director.
    `executive`
    : `boolean` Determines if the stakeholder is an executive of the account's legal entity.
        - `true`: Stakeholder is an executive. 
        - `false` (false): Stakeholder is not an executive.

`phone`
: `object` The stakeholder's phone number.

    `primary`
    : `integer` The primary contact number of the stakeholder. The minimum length is 8 characters and the maximum length is 11.

    `secondary`
    : `integer` The secondary contact number of the stakeholder. The minimum length is 8 characters and the maximum length is 11.

`addresses`
: `object` Details of stakeholder's address.

    `residential`
    : `string` Details of the stakeholder's residential address.

        `street`
        : `string` The stakeholder's street address. The minimum length is 10 characters and maximum length is 255.

        `city`
        : `string` The city. The minimum length is 2 and maximum length is 32.

        `state`
        : `string` The state. The minimum length is 2 and maximum length is 32.

        `postal_code`
        : `string` The postal code. The minimum length is 2 and maximum length is 10.

        `country`
        : `string` The country. The minimum length is 2 and maximum length is 64. This can either be a country code in capital letters or the full name of the country in lower case letters. For example, for India, you must write either `IN` or `india`. [List of supported Countries](@/Applications/MAMP/htdocs/new-docs/llm-content/partners/aggregators/onboarding-api/appendix/#country-list.md).

`kyc`
: `object` The type of document required to establish the stakeholder's identity.

    `pan`
    : `string` The PAN number of the stakeholder.
 
      - This is a 10-digit alphanumeric code. For example, `AVOPB1111K`. 
      - **Regex to validate Stakeholder PAN**: `/^[a-zA-z]{5}\d{4}[a-zA-Z]{1}$/`
      - **Validation for Stakeholder PAN**: The 4th digit should be 'P'.

      - If the business type is HUF, the karta's PAN should be provided.
      - This API parameter might be required to complete the KYC process, however, it is optional for this API.

`notes`
: `object` Contains user-defined fields stored by the partner for reference purposes. It can hold a maximum of 15 key-value pairs, 512 characters (maximum) each. For example, "note_key": "Beam me up Scotty”.
