---
title: Make a Request Idempotent
description: Make a Request Idempotent using API.
---

# Make a Request Idempotent

## Make a Request Idempotent

To make a request idempotent, add the header `X-Payout-Idempotency` to the request and pass an idempotency key against it. Currently, idempotency is supported only on the Create Payout API and the Composite APIs. 

> **WARN**
>
> 
> **Watch Out!**
> 
> Idempotency key has been made mandatory for all payout requests since March 15, 2025
> 

**Points to Consider**:

- An idempotency key is a unique value generated by you. Our servers use this key to recognise subsequent retries of the same request.
- The idempotency key (4-36 characters) can only contain alphabets, numbers, hyphens, underscores and space. For example, `53cda91c-8f81-4e77-bbb9-7388f4ac6bf4` is an idempotency key.
- When retrying a request, the request body must be the same as the first request for idempotency to work. A different payload will be rejected as a `BAD_REQUEST`.
- The idempotency key in retries must be the same as the original request.
- Use unique idempotency keys for each unique request.

We recommend you generate the key using a **version 4 (random) UUID generator**.

### Request

```curl: Curl
curl -u [YOUR_KEY_ID]:[YOUR_KEY_SECRET] \
-X POST https://api.razorpay.com/v1/payouts \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-H "X-Payout-Idempotency: 53cda91c-8f81-4e77-bbb9-7388f4ac6bf4" \
-d '{
  "account_number": "7878780080316316",
  "fund_account_id": "fa_00000000000001",
  "amount": 1000000,
  "currency": "INR",
  "mode": "IMPS",
  "purpose": "refund",
  "queue_if_low_balance": true,
  "reference_id": "Acme Transaction ID 12345",
  "narration": "Acme Corp Fund Transfer",
  "notes": {
    "notes_key_1":"Tea, Earl Grey, Hot",
    "notes_key_2":"Tea, Earl Grey… decaf."
  }
}'
```

### Response

```json: Success
{
  "id": "pout_00000000000001",
  "entity": "payout",
  "fund_account_id": "fa_00000000000001",
  "amount": 1000000,
  "currency": "INR",
  "notes": {
    "notes_key_1":"Tea, Earl Grey, Hot",
    "notes_key_2":"Tea, Earl Grey… decaf."
  },
  "fees": 0,
  "tax": 0,
  "status": "queued",
  "utr": null,
  "mode": "IMPS",
  "purpose": "refund",
  "reference_id": "Acme Transaction ID 12345",
  "narration": "Acme Corp Fund Transfer",
  "batch_id": null,
  "status_details": null,
  "created_at": 1545383037
}
```json: Failure
{
  "error": {
      "code": "BAD_REQUEST_ERROR",
      "description": "Idempotency key is missing. Include idempotency header and key in the request.",
      "source": "business",
      "step": null,
      "reason": "null",
      "metadata": {},
      "field": "X-Payout-Idempotency"
  }
}
```

### Parameters

`account_number`_mandatory_
: `string` The account from which you want to make the payout. For example, `7878780080316316`.
  - Pass your customer identifier if you want money to be deducted from RazorpayX Lite.
  - Pass your Current Account number if you want money to be deducted from your Current Account.
    
> **WARN**
>
> 
>     **Watch Out!**
> 
>     - This is **not** your Contact's bank account number. Log in to your [**RazorpayX Dashboard**](https://x.razorpay.com/auth/?intent=current_account) and go to **My Account & Settings → Banking → Customer Identifier**.
>     - This value is different for Test Mode and Live Mode.
>     

`fund_account_id`_mandatory_
: `string` The unique identifier linked to a fund account. For example, `fa_00000000000001`.

`amount`_mandatory_
: `integer` The payout amount, in paise. For example, pass `1000000` to transfer an amount of ₹10,000. Minimum value `100`. 
 The value passed here does not include fees and tax. Fees and tax, if any, are deducted from your account balance.

`currency`_mandatory_
: `string` The payout currency. Here, it is `INR`.

`mode`_mandatory_
: `string` The mode to be used to create the payout. Available modes:
  - `NEFT`
  - `RTGS`
  - `IMPS`
  - `card` 
 

  The payout modes are case-sensitive. When creating payouts using APIs, ensure payout modes are entered in upper case.

`purpose`_mandatory_
: `string` The purpose of the payout that is being created. The following classifications are available in the system by default:
  - `refund`
  - `cashback`
  - `payout`
  - `salary`
  - `utility bill`
  - `vendor bill` 

  Additional purposes for payouts can be created via the [Dashboard](https://x.razorpay.com/) and then used in the API. However, it is not possible to create a new purpose for the payout via the API.

`queue_if_low_balance`_optional_
: `boolean` Possible values:
  - `true`: The payout is queued when your business account does not have sufficient balance to process the payout.
  - `false` (default): The payout is never queued. The payout fails if your business account does not have sufficient balance to process the payout.

`reference_id`_optional_
: `string` A user-generated reference given to the payout. Maximum length is 40 characters. For example, `Acme Transaction ID 12345`. You can use this field to store your own transaction ID, if any.

`narration`_optional_
: `string` Custom note that also appears on the bank statement. Maximum length 30 characters. Allowed characters: a-z, A-Z, 0-9 and space. 
 If no value is passed for this parameter, it defaults to the Merchant Billing Label. Ensure that the most important text forms the first 9 characters as banks may truncate the rest as per their standards.

`notes`_optional_
: `array of objects` Multiple key-value pairs that can be used to store additional information about the entity. Maximum 15 key-value pairs, 256 characters (maximum) each. For example, `"note_key": "Beam me up Scotty”`.

### Parameters

`id`
: `string` The unique identifier of the order. For example, `pout_00000000000001`. 

`entity`
: `string` The entity being created. Here, it will be `payout`.

`fund_account_id`
: `string` The unique identifier linked to the fund account. For example, `fa_00000000000001`.

`amount`
: `integer` The payout amount, in paise. For example, if you want to transfer ₹10,000, pass `1000000`. Minimum value `100`. The value passed here does not include fees and tax. Fees and tax, if any, are deducted from your account balance.

`currency`
: `string` The payout's currency. Here, it is `INR`.

`notes`
: `array of objects` Key-value pair that can be used to store additional information about the entity. Maximum 15 key-value pairs, 256 characters (maximum) each. For example, `"note_key": "Beam me up Scotty”`.

`fees`
: `integer` The fees for the payout. This value is returned only when the payout moves to the `processing` state. For example, `5`.

`tax`
: `integer` The tax applicable for the fee being charged. This value is returned only when the payout moves to the `processing` state. For example, `1`.

`status`
: `string` The status of the payout. Possible payout states:
    - `queued`
    - `pending` (if you have [Approval Workflow](@/Applications/MAMP/htdocs/new-docs/llm-content/x/manage-teams/approval-workflow.md) enabled)
    - `rejected` (if you have [Approval Workflow](@/Applications/MAMP/htdocs/new-docs/llm-content/x/manage-teams/approval-workflow.md) enabled)
    - `processing`
    - `processed`
    - `cancelled`
    - `reversed`
    - `failed` 
    
    Know more about [Payout statuses](@/Applications/MAMP/htdocs/new-docs/llm-content/x/payouts/states-life-cycle.md) and [Payout Status Details](@/Applications/MAMP/htdocs/new-docs/llm-content/errors/x/payout-status-details.md).  

`utr`
: `string` The unique transaction number linked to a payout. For example, `HDFCN00000000001`.

`mode`
: `string` The mode used to make the payout. Available modes:
  - `NEFT`
  - `RTGS`
  - `IMPS`
  - `card` 
 
  
  The payout modes are case-sensitive.

`purpose`
: `string` The purpose of the payout that is being created. The following classifications are available in the system by default:
  - `refund`
  - `cashback`
  - `payout`
  - `salary`
  - `utility bill`
  - `vendor bill`

`reference_id`
: `string` A user-generated reference given to the payout. Maximum length is 40 characters. For example, `Acme Transaction ID 12345`. You can use this field to store your own transaction ID, if any.

`narration`
: `string` This is a custom note that also appears on the bank statement. Maximum length 30 characters. Allowed characters: a-z, A-Z, 0-9 and space. 
 If no value is passed for this parameter, it defaults to the Merchant Billing Label. Ensure that the **most important text** forms the first 9 characters as banks may truncate the rest as per their standards.

`batch_id`
: `string` This value is returned if the Contact was created as part of a bulk upload. For example, `batch_00000000000001`.

`status_details`
: `object` This parameter returns the current status of the payout. For example, `IMPS is not enabled on beneficiary account, Retry with different mode`.

    `description`
    : `string` A description for the error. For example, `IMPS is not enabled on beneficiary account, please retry with different mode`.

    `source`
    : `string` Possible values:
        - `gateway`: Technical error at Razorpay Partner bank.
        - `beneficiary_bank`: Technical error at beneficiary bank.
        - `business`: Merchant action required.
        - `internal`: Technical error at Razorpay's server.

    `reason`
    : `string` The error reason. For example, `imps_not_allowed`. [Payout Status Details and Next Steps](@/Applications/MAMP/htdocs/new-docs/llm-content/errors/x/payout-status-details.md).

`created_at`
: `integer` Indicates the Unix timestamp when this order was created.

`fee_type`
: `string` Indicates the fee type charged for the payout. Possible values is `free_payout`.

### Errors

Idempotency key is missing. Include idempotency header and key in the request.
* code: 400
* description: Idempotency key is mandatory. 
* solution: Include the X-Payout-Idempotency header and the idempotency key in your request to make a successful payout. Generate a key using the version 4 (random) UUID generator.
