---
title: Stakeholder Entity
description: Know about stakeholder entity parameters and their description.
---

# Stakeholder Entity

## Stakeholder Entity

The Stakeholder entity has the following parameters.

### Response

```json: Entity
{
  "entity":"stakeholder",
  "relationship":{
    "executive":true
  },
  "phone":{
    "primary":"",
    "secondary":""
  },
  "notes":[
    
  ],
  "kyc":{
    "pan":"AVOPB1111K"
  },
  "id":"sth_GLGgm8fFCKc92m",
  "name":"",
  "email":"",
  "percentage_ownership":null,
  "addresses":{
    "residential":{
      "street":"506, Koramangala 1st block",
      "city":"Bengaluru",
      "state":"Karnataka",
      "postal_code":"560034",
      "country":"IN"
    }
  }
}
```

### Parameters

`id`
: `string` The unique identifier of a stakeholder generated by Razorpay, used to fetch or update a stakeholder. For example, `sth_GLGgm8fFCKc92m`. Maximum length supported is 18 characters. 

`entity`
: `string` Here it is `stakeholder`.

`percentage_ownership`
: `float` The stakeholder's ownership of the business in percentage. Only two decimal places are allowed. For example, `87.55`. The maximum length is 100 characters.

`name`
: `string` The stakeholder's name as per the PAN card. The maximum length is 255 characters.

`email`
: `string` The stakeholder's email address. The maximum length is:
  - local part (before @): 64 characters. 
  - domain part (after @): 68 characters.

`relationship`
: `object` The stakeholder's relationship with the account's business.
    `director`
    : `boolean` Determines if stakeholder is a director of the account's legal entity.  
        - `true`: Stakeholder is a director.
        - `false` (default): Stakeholder is not a director.
    `executive`
    : `boolean` Determines if the stakeholder is an executive of the account's legal entity.
        - `true`: Stakeholder is an executive. 
        - `false` (false): Stakeholder is not an executive.

`phone`
: `object` The stakeholder's phone number.

    `primary`
    : `integer` The primary contact number of the stakeholder. The minimum length is 8 characters and the maximum length is 11.

    `secondary`
    : `integer` The secondary contact number of the stakeholder. The minimum length is 8 characters and the maximum length is 11.

`addresses`
: `object` Details of stakeholder's address.

    `residential`
    : `string` Details of the stakeholder's residential address.

        `street`
        : `string` The stakeholder's street address. The minimum length is 10 characters and maximum length is 255.

        `city`
        : `string` The city. The minimum length is 2 and maximum length is 32.

        `state`
        : `string` The state. The minimum length is 2 and maximum length is 32.

        `postal_code`
        : `string` The postal code. The minimum length is 2 and maximum length is 10.

        `country`
        : `string` The country. The minimum length is 2 and maximum length is 64. For example, for India, you must write either `IN` or `india`.

`kyc`
: `object` The type of document required to establish the stakeholder's identity.

    `pan`
    : `string` The PAN of the stakeholder.
 
      - This is a 10-digit alphanumeric code. For example, `AVOPB1111K`. 
      - **Regex for Stakeholder PAN**: `/^[a-zA-z]{5}\d{4}[a-zA-Z]{1}$/`
      - **Validation for Stakeholder PAN**: The 4th digit should be 'P'. To complete the KYC process, this API parameter might be required, but it is optional for this API.

`notes`
: `object` Contains user-defined fields stored by the partner for reference purposes. It can hold a maximum of 15 key-value pairs, 512 characters (maximum) each. For example, "note_key": "Beam me up Scotty”.
