---
title: Fetch a Webhook With ID | Sub-Merchant Onboarding APIs
heading: Fetch a Webhook With ID
description: Fetch and view the details of a specific webhook id using Razorpay APIs.
---

# Fetch a Webhook With ID

## Fetch a Webhook With ID

Use this endpoint to retrieve and view the details of a webhook. Know about the [various error responses](@/Applications/MAMP/htdocs/new-docs/llm-content/api/partners/errors.md) for this API.

### Request

```cURL: Curl
curl -X GET https://api.razorpay.com/v2/accounts/acc_H3kYHQ635sBwXG/webhooks/HK890egfiItP3H \
-u  \

```java: Java

RazorpayClient razorpay = new RazorpayClient("[ACCESS_TOKEN]");

String accountId = "acc_GP4lfNA0iIMn5B";

String webhookId = "HK890egfiItP3H";

Webhook webhook = instance.webhook.fetch(accountId, webhookId);

```ruby: Ruby
require "razorpay"
Razorpay.setup('ACCESS_TOKEN')
accountId = "acc_GP4lfNA0iIMn5B";

webhookId = "HK890egfiItP3H";

Razorpay::Webhook.fetch(webhookId, accountId);

```csharp: .NET
RazorpayClient client = new RazorpayClient("[ACCESS_TOKEN]");

string accountId = "acc_ua2tBezhcEBvap";

string webhookId = "HK890egfiItP3H";

Webhook webhook = client.Webhook.Fetch(webhookId, accountId);
```

### Response

```json: Success
{
  "id": "HK890egfiItP3H",
  "created_at": 1623060358,
  "updated_at": 1623060358,
  "owner_id": "H3kYHQ635sBwXG",
  "owner_type": "merchant",
  "context": [],
  "disabled_at": 0,
  "url": "https://en1mwkqo5ioct.x.pipedream.net",
  "alert_email": "gaurav.kumar@example.com",
  "secret_exists": true,
  "entity": "webhook",
  "active": true,
  "events": [
    "payment.authorized",
    "payment.failed",
    "payment.captured",
    "payment.dispute.created",
    "refund.failed",
    "refund.created"
  ]
}
```

### Parameters

`account_id` _mandatory_
: `string` The unique identifier of a sub-merchant account generated by Razorpay for which a webhook is created. For example, `acc_H3kYHQ635sBwXG`.

`webhook_id` _mandatory_
: `string` The unique identifier of the webhook whose details are to be retrieved. For example, `HK890egfiItP3H`.

### Parameters

`id`
: `string` The unique identifier of the created webhook. For example, `HK890egfiItP3H`. This id is used to fetch, update or delete a webhook. The maximum length is 14 characters.

`created_at`
: `integer` The Unix timestamp at which the webhook has been created.

`updated_at`
: `integer` The Unix timestamp at which the webhook has been updated.

`owner_id`
: `string` The unique identifier generated by Razorpay for the sub-merchant who will receive the webhooks. For example, in this case, it will be `account_id` passed in the API URL.

`owner_type`
: `string` Indicates the type of owner. For example, in this case, it will be the merchant.

`url`
: `string` The URL where you receive the webhook payload when an event is triggered. The maximum length is 255 characters.

`secret`
: `string` A secret for the webhook endpoint used to validate that the webhook is from Razorpay.

`alert_email`
: `string`  This is the email address to which notifications must be sent in case of webhook failure.

`secret_exists`
: `boolean` This attribute is set to `true` if a secret password has been set for the webhook endpoint. If no secret is sent in the request, this parameter does not appear in the response code.

`entity`
: `string` Indicates the type of entity. For example, in this case, it will be **webhook**.

`active`
: `string`  Indicates the status of webhook.
    - `true`: Webhook is activated.
    - `false`: Webhook is deactivated.

`events`
: `object` The required events from the list of Active Events. For example, `payment.authorized`, `payment.captured`, `payment.failed`, `payment.dispute.created`, `refund.failed`, `refund.created` and so on.
