---
title: Fetch All Webhooks | Sub-Merchant Onboarding APIs
heading: Fetch All Webhooks
description: Fetch and view the details of all webhooks using Razorpay APIs.
---

# Fetch All Webhooks

## Fetch All Webhooks

Use this endpoint to retrieve all webhooks for a given account. Know about the [various error responses](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/razorpay/razorpay-php-testapp/markdown-docs/llm-content/api/partners/errors.md) for this API.

### Request

```cURL: Curl
curl -u : \
- X GET https://api.razorpay.com/v2/accounts/acc_H3kYHQ635sBwXG/webhooks   \

```java: Java

RazorpayClient razorpay = new RazorpayClient("[ACCESS_TOKEN]");

String accountId = "acc_GP4lfNA0iIMn5B";

Webhook webhook = instance.webhook.fetchAll(accountId);

```ruby: Ruby
require "razorpay"
Razorpay.setup('ACCESS_TOKEN')
accountId = "acc_GP4lfNA0iIMn5B";

Razorpay::Webhook.all({
 "count": 1
}, accountId);

```csharp: .NET
RazorpayClient client = new RazorpayClient("[ACCESS_TOKEN]");

string accountId = "acc_ua2tBezhcEBvap";

List webhook = client.Webhook.All(accountId);
```

### Response

```json: Success
{
  "entity": "collection",
  "count": 1,
  "items": [
    {
      "id": "HK890egfiItP3H",
      "created_at": 1624060358,
      "updated_at": 1624060358,
      "service": "beta-api-test",
      "owner_id": "H3kYHQ635sBwXG",
      "owner_type": "merchant",
      "context": [],
      "disabled_at": 0,
      "url": "https://en1mwkqo5ioct.x.pipedream.net",
      "alert_email": "gaurav.kumar@example.com",
      "secret_exists": true,
      "entity": "webhook",
      "active": true,
      "events": [
        "payment.authorized",
        "payment.failed",
        "payment.captured",
        "payment.dispute.created",
        "refund.failed",
        "refund.created"
      ]
    }
  ]
}
```

### Parameters

`account_id` _mandatory_
: `string` The unique identifier of a sub-merchant account generated by Razorpay for which a webhook is created. For example, `acc_H3kYHQ635sBwXG`.

### Parameters

`from` _optional_
: `integer` Timestamp, in seconds, from when the webhooks are to be fetched.

`to` _optional_
: `integer` Timestamp, in seconds, till when the webhooks are to be fetched.

`count` _optional_
: `integer` Number of webhooks to be fetched. The default value is `10` and the maximum value is `100`. This can be used for pagination, in combination with `skip`. 

`skip` _optional_
: `integer` Number of records to be skipped while fetching the webhooks. This can be used for pagination, in combination with `count`.

### Parameters

`id`
: `string` The unique identifier of the created webhook. For example, `HK890egfiItP3H`. This id is used to fetch, update or delete a webhook. The maximum length is 14 characters.

`created_at`
: `integer` The Unix timestamp at which the webhook has been created.

`updated_at`
: `integer` The Unix timestamp at which the webhook has been updated.

`owner_id`
: `string` The unique identifier generated by Razorpay for the sub-merchant who will receive the webhooks. For example, in this case, it will be `account_id` passed in the API URL.

`owner_type`
: `string` Indicates the type of owner. For example, in this case, it will be the merchant.

`url`
: `string` The URL where you receive the webhook payload when an event is triggered. The maximum length is 255 characters.

`secret`
: `string` A secret for the webhook endpoint used to validate that the webhook is from Razorpay.

`alert_email`
: `string`  This is the email address to which notifications must be sent in case of webhook failure.

`secret_exists`
: `boolean` This attribute is set to `true` if a secret password has been set for the webhook endpoint. If no secret is sent in the request, this parameter does not appear in the response code.

`entity`
: `string` Indicates the type of entity. For example, in this case, it will be **webhook**.

`active`
: `string`  Indicates the status of webhook.
    - `true`: Webhook is activated.
    - `false`: Webhook is deactivated.

`events`
: `object` The required events from the list of Active Events. For example, `payment.authorized`, `payment.captured`, `payment.failed`, `payment.dispute.created`, `refund.failed`, `refund.created` and so on.
