---
title: Fetch a Linked Account With ID
description: Fetch details of a Linked Account using the Razorpay API.
---

# Fetch a Linked Account With ID

## Fetch a Linked Account With ID

Use this endpoint to fetch details of a Linked Account using the unique identifier.

### Request

```curl: Curl
curl -u [YOUR_KEY_ID]:[YOUR_SECRET]
-X GET 'https://api.razorpay.com/v2/accounts/acc_GLGeLkU2JUeyDZ' \
```

### Response

```json: Success
{
   "id":"acc_GLGeLkU2JUeyDZ",
   "type":"route",
   "reference_id":"123123",
   "status":"created",
   "email":"gaurav.kumar@example.org",
   "profile":{
      "category":"healthcare",
      "subcategory":"clinic",
      "addresses":{
         "registered":{
            "street1":"507, Koramangala 1st block",
            "street2":"MG Road",
            "city":"Bengaluru",
            "state":"KARNATAKA",
            "postal_code":560034,
            "country":"IN"
         },
         "operation":{
            "street1":"507, Koramangala 6th block",
            "street2":"Kormanagala",
            "city":"Bengaluru",
            "state":"KARNATAKA",
            "country":"IN",
         }
      },
      "business_model":null
   },
   "notes":[
      
   ],
   "created_at":1611136837,
   "phone":"9999999998",
   "business_type":"partnership",
   "legal_business_name":"Acme Corp",
   "customer_facing_business_name":"Acme Corp",
   "legal_info":{
      "pan":"AAACL1234C",
      "gst":"18AABCU9603R1ZM"
   },
   "apps":{
      "websites":[
         
      ],
      "android":[
         {
            "url":null,
            "name":null
         }
      ],
      "ios":[
         {
            "url":null,
            "name":null
         }
      ]
   },
   "brand":{
      "color":null
   },
   "contact_name":"Gaurav Kumar",
   "contact_info":{
      "chargeback":{
         "email":null,
         "phone":null,
         "policy_url":null
      },
      "refund":{
         "email":null,
         "phone":null,
         "policy_url":null
      },
      "support":{
         "email":null,
         "phone":null,
         "policy_url":null
      }
   }
}

```json: Failure
{
   "error":{
      "code":"BAD_REQUEST_ERROR",
      "description":"Linked account does not exist",
      "source":"",
      "step":"",
      "reason":"linked_account_id_does_not_exist",
      "metadata":{
         
      }
   }
}
```

### Parameters

`account_id`
: `string` The unique identifier of the Linked Account. For example, `acc_GLGeLkU2JUeyDZ`.

### Parameters

`id`
: `string` The unique identifier of the account generated by Razorpay. The maximum length is 18 characters. For example, `acc_GLGeLkU2JUeyDZ`.

`type`
: `string` The account type. Possible value is `route`.

`reference_id`
:  `string` The internal reference id. This value can be maximum of 20 characters. For example, `123123`.

`status`
: `string` The status of the account. Possible values:
  - `created`
  - `suspended`

`email`
: `string` The account holder's email address.

`phone`
: `integer` The account holder's phone number. The minimum length is 8 characters and the maximum length is 15.

`legal_business_name`
: `string` The name of the account holder's business. For example, `Acme Corp`. The minimum length is 4 characters and the maximum length is 200.

`business_type`
: `string` The type of business operated by the account holder. Possible values: [Business Types](@/Applications/MAMP/htdocs/new-docs/llm-content/api/payments/route.md). 

`profile`
: `object` The account holder's business details.

    `category`
    : `string` The business category of the account holder. For example, `healthcare`. Possible values: [Business Category](@/Applications/MAMP/htdocs/new-docs/llm-content/api/payments/route/#business-category.md).

    `subcategory`
    : `string` The business sub-category of the account holder. For example, `clinic`. Possible values: [Business Sub-Category](@/Applications/MAMP/htdocs/new-docs/llm-content/api/payments/route/#business-sub-category.md).

    `addresses`
    : `object` Details of account holder's address.  

        `registered`
        : `object` Details of the account holder's registered address.

            `street1`
            : `string` Address, line 1. The maximum length is 100 characters.

            `street2`
            : `string` Address, line 2. The maximum length is 100 characters.

            `city`
            : `string` The city. The maximum length is 100 characters.

            `state`
            : `string` The state. The minimum length is 2 and the maximum length is 100.

            `postal_code`
            : `integer` The postal code. This should be exactly 6 characters.

            `country`
            : `string` The country. The minimum length is 2 and the maximum length is 64. For example, for India, you must write either `IN` or `india`.
         
         `operation`
         :  `object` Details of the account holder's operational address. This parameter might be required to complete the KYC process. However, it is optional for this API.

            `street1`
            : `string` Address, line 1. The maximum length is 100 characters.

            `street2`
            : `string` Address, line 2. The maximum length is 100 characters.

            `city`
            : `string` The city. The maximum length is 100 characters.

            `state`
            : `string` The state. The minimum length is 2 and the maximum length is 100.

            `postal_code`
            : `integer` The postal code. This should be exactly 6 characters.

            `country`
            : `string` The country. The minimum length is 2 and the maximum length is 64. This can either be a country code in capital letters or the full name of the country in lower case letters. For example, for India, you must write either `IN` or `india`.

`business_model`
    : `string` The business description. The minimum length is 1 character and the maximum length is 255.
      

`legal_info`
: `object` The legal details about the account holder's business. The mandatory [KYC requirement](@/Applications/MAMP/htdocs/new-docs/llm-content/api/payments/route.md) parameters should be passed depending on the business requirements.

    `pan`
    : `string` Valid PAN number details of the account holder's business. 
        - This is a 10-digit alphanumeric code. For example, `AVOJB1111K`. 
        - The 4th digit should be either of 'C', 'H', 'F', 'A', 'T', 'B', 'J', 'G', 'L'. 
        - The regex for Company PAN is `/^[a-zA-z]{5}\d{4}[a-zA-Z]{1}$/`. This parameter might be required to complete the KYC process. However, it is optional for this API.

    `gst`
    : `string` Valid GSTIN number details of the account holder. 
        - This is a 15-digit PAN-based unique identification number. 
        - The Regex for GSTIN is `/^[0123][0-9][a-z]{5}[0-9]{4}[a-z][0-9][a-z0-9][a-z0-9]$/gi`.

`notes`
: `object` Contains user-defined fields stored by the partner for reference purposes.

`contact_name`
: `string` The name of the contact. The minimum length is 4 and the maximum length is 255 characters.

`contact_info`
: `object` Options available for contact support.

    `chargeback`
    : `object` The type of contact support.

        `email`
        : `string` The email id of chargeback POC. The maximum length is:
          - local part (before @): 64 characters. 
          - domain part (after @): 68 characters. 
 The total character length supported is 132.

        `phone`
        : `integer` The phone number of chargeback POC. The maximum length is 10 characters.

        `policy_url`
        : `string` The URL of chargeback policy. Regex is (protocol://``:port/resource path?querystring#fragementid)
 protocol-both http/https allowed. Only domain name is mandatory.

    `refund`
    : `object` The type of contact support.

        `email`
        : `string` The email id of refund POC. The maximum length is:
          - local part (before @): 64 characters. 
          - domain part (after @): 68 characters. 
 The total character length supported is 132.

        `phone`
        : `integer` The phone number of refund POC. The maximum length is 10 characters.

        `policy_url`
        : `string` The URL of refund policy. Regex is (protocol://``:port/resource path?querystring#fragementid) 
 protocol-both http/https allowed.

    `support`
    : `array` The type of contact support.

        `email`
        : `string` The email id of support POC. The maximum length is:
          - local part (before @): 64 characters. 
          - domain part (after @): 68 characters. 
 The total character length supported is 132.

        `phone`
        : `integer` The phone number of support POC. The maximum length is 10 characters.

        `policy_url`
        : `string` The URL of support policy. Regex is (protocol://``:port/resource path?querystring#fragementid) 
 protocol-both http/https allowed.

`apps`
: `object` The app details of the account holder's business

    `websites`
    : `array` The website/app for the account holder's business. A minimum of 1 website is required.

    `android`
    : `array` Android app details

        `url`
        : `string` The link of the Android app. Regex is (protocol://``:port/resource path?querystring#fragementid) 
 protocol-both http/https allowed.

        `name`
        : `string` The name of the Android app.

    `ios`
    : `array` iOS app details

        `url`
        : `string` The link of the iOS app. Regex is (protocol://``:port/resource path?querystring#fragementid) 
 protocol-both http/https allowed.

        `name`
        : `string` The name of the iOS app.

### Errors

The id provided does not exist
* code: 400
* description: This error occurs when the Linked Account does not belong to the requested merchant, or it is invalid.
* solution: Ensure the Linked Account belongs to the requested merchant and the account ID is valid.
 
Linked account does not exist.
* code: 400
* description: This error occurs when the requester is not the parent of the child account, or the child account does not exist.
* solution: Ensure the Linked Account id exists before proceeding with the update API.
