---
title: Webhooks Entity
description: Entity parameters and sample code for Webhooks API.
---

# Webhooks Entity

The Webhooks entity has the following parameters:

### Response

```json: Entity
{
  "id": "JebiXkKGYwua5L",
  "created_at": 1654605478,
  "updated_at": 1654605478,
  "service": "beta-api-live",
  "owner_id": "JOGUdtKu3dB03d",
  "owner_type": "merchant",
  "context": [],
  "disabled_at": 0,
  "url": "https://google.com",
  "alert_email": "gaurav.kumar@example.com",
  "secret_exists": true,
  "entity": "webhook",
  "active": true,
  "events": [
    "payment.authorized",
    "payment.failed",
    "payment.captured",
    "payment.dispute.created",
    "refund.failed",
    "refund.created"
  ]
}
```

### Parameters

`id`
: `string` The unique identifier of the created webhook. For example, `HK890egfiItP3H`. This id is used to fetch, update or delete a webhook. The maximum length is 14 characters.

`created_at`
: `integer` The Unix timestamp at which the webhook has been created.

`updated_at`
: `integer` The Unix timestamp at which the webhook has been updated.

`owner_id`
: `string` The unique identifier generated by Razorpay for the sub-merchant who will receive the webhooks. For example, in this case, it will be `account_id` passed in the API URL.

`owner_type`
: `string` Indicates the type of owner. For example, in this case, it will be the merchant.

`url`
: `string` The URL where you receive the webhook payload when an event is triggered. The maximum length is 255 characters.

`secret`
: `string` A secret for the webhook endpoint used to validate that the webhook is from Razorpay.

`alert_email`
: `string`  This is the email address to which notifications must be sent in case of webhook failure.

`secret_exists`
: `boolean` This attribute is set to `true` if a secret password has been set for the webhook endpoint. If no secret is sent in the request, this parameter does not appear in the response code.

`entity`
: `string` Indicates the type of entity. For example, in this case, it will be **webhook**.

`active`
: `string`  Indicates the status of webhook.
    - `true`: Webhook is activated.
    - `false`: Webhook is deactivated.

`events`
: `object` The required events from the list of Active Events. For example, `payment.authorized`, `payment.captured`, `payment.failed`, `payment.dispute.created`, `refund.failed`, `refund.created` and so on.
